# stockprice-prediction
Purpose – Stock price prediction is an uncertain science with traditionally the prediction methods being based on statistical and econometric models. However, these models are incapable to deal with nonstationary time series data such as stock price movement(up or down) over a period of time. 
Design/methodology/approach – This study uses prediction method based on deep learning technology thus using long short-term memory(LSTM) models to predict the stock price.The LSTM models are then stacked so that the final prediction output that is received is a from multiple LSTM models and not just a single LSTM Model. 
Long short-term memory (LSTM) networks are a state-of-the-art technique for sequence learning. They are less commonly applied to financial time series predictions, yet inherently suitable for this domain. We deploy LSTM networks for predicting out-of-sample directional movements for the constituent stocks(here we consider Adani Stock Price) from 20015 until 2020. I find LSTM networks to outperform memory-free classification methods, i.e., a random forest (RAF), a deep neural net (DNN), and a logistic regression classifier (LOG). We further unveil sources of profitability, thereby shedding light into the black box of artificial neural net- works. Specifically, we find one common pattern in the stock selected for trading(Adani Industries) – they exhibit high volatility and a short-term reversal return profile. Leveraging these findings, we are able to formalize a rules-based short-term reversal strategy that yields 0.23 percent prior to transaction costs. Further regression analysis unveils low exposure of the LSTM returns to common sources of systematic risk – also compared to the three benchmark models.
Challenge – One of the major challenges is to have an optimum model which does not overfit or underfit. Hence hyperparameter optimization and tuning of the models will be quite critical in delivering the best model.
